## Google Books (Google Book API)

A book catalog based on the Google Book API.
Simple layout in Flexbox with a test field and a search button. The search for books is performed by the substring entered by the user. Search is triggered by pressing the search button.

Filtering by category. Below the textbox is a dropdown with categories: all, art, biography, computers, history, medical, poetry.

Sorting. Next to the category dropdown is a dropdown with sorting options: relevance (initially selected), newest.

Found books are displayed with cards, each of which consists of a book cover image, book title, category name and author names. If several categories come for a book, then only the first is displayed. Authors are displayed all. If any piece of data does not come, then there is just an empty space instead.
Above the block with cards, the number of books found by request is displayed.

Pagination is implemented according to the 'load more' principle. Below the block with cards is the 'Load more' button; by clicking on it, more are loaded to the already loaded books. The pagination step is 30.

When you click on the card, you go to the detailed page of the book, which displays its data: cover image, title, all categories, all authors, description.
There is a simple responsive design.

Technologies: 
- FlexBox, 
- Scss preprocessor, 
- React-Redux, 
- redux-thunk, 
- axios, 
- formik, 
- typescript

You can watch this work [here](https://google-books-valadimir.herokuapp.com/)

All components are in the `/src` folder. All another files was generated by `react-create-app`

You can run this project locally just do:
- clone branch `main` with `https://github.com/dukwar/google__books_test.git` or fork it and then clone it from your forked repo
- `yarn install`
- `yarn start`

